== Welcome to EduCam

EduCam is a web app based on the Ruby on Rails framework. It forms part of my
Final Year Project for my Computer Science MSci course at Lancaster University.

This app works in conjunction with an Android mobile app that I have developed 
of the same name. I'll be publishing the code for that part of the project soon.

== What Is The Project About?

The title of my project is "Identifying the Potential of Mobile Phone Cameras
in Teaching and Learning".

Over a twenty week period I have developed a technical solution to this project
title. Schools have historically perceived the use of mobile phones to be disruptive
to student's education within class. This project however looks at whether mobile phones
can actually be harnessed by teachers to develop a radically different way of teaching.

My solution is based on the idea of fostering students’ active participation while helping
them to understand lessons in a more interesting and effective way. Students will be
given smart phones loaded with the app that I have developed. This app presents a list
of learning topics that the teacher has supplied. For example consider an engineering lesson.
The students are broken into small groups and are sent out of the classroom to act as News Reporters.
They are asked to use the mobile phone to capture photo examples of objects relevant to their current
area of study. This encourages students to take theoretical concepts and apply them to the real
world.

Back at the classroom the teacher has access to this web app where the student's photos are uploaded
to in real time. The GPS location of each photos is recorded along with keywords that the student's
have attached to each photo. When the students return the teacher can view the photos and incorporate them
into her structured lesson.

== Running This Web App

1. Change directory to <tt>EduCam</tt> and start the web server:
    <tt>cd EduCam; rails server</tt> (run with --help for options)

2. Go to http://localhost:3000/ using your browser.
